good hello to everyone in friendly fights
welcome back in the company of war 86
of orphan albums and also those of
those and phone punto.it in the video of
today we wanted to show how to go to
use a cable or tg for how much
regards to connecting to
example pennette usb in short any
device that uses the USB interface
with for example a nex 5 that we give
then obviously
let's start immediately with the assumption is
only some phones can natively
read the usb keys directly
through this it must be said
as you can see on one side we have
the male input jones me of
on the other side the USB female input
size so we could go to
connect a wax directly
you can see for later then
enter it in the phone and you can read
the files that are inside like
said before only a few phones do it
not actively others need
certain applications as per
example in this case nexus 5 will have to
go and install an application that
it's called stick mount or this is the
which precisely to be able to recognize the
viability or any USB periphery
because obviously if we attack a
adapter then we can read too
microsd sd cards any kind of
periphery let's say through note
the stick mount application what happens
an internal folder will be emulated
of the phone where we could go to
find the files that will be inside
then later we could for example
play video songs open images
as if they were quietly copied
inside of
now let's see with the stick installation
mount if we go to connect right away
will be recognized
obviously see the permission of
root and create sd usb card at 1 hour
if not we go looking for it through a
explorer that in this case for example
can be solid explorer
here it is that we are going to surf
inside the phone we will look for the
usb usb stage folder so if you see it
this they take we find ourselves the
sda1 folder inside we can
find us all the files we have put
for example an art is the home of the
songs that will come
automatically reproduced or
directly open images and
ethical and all the programs in which
we want April or even
play a movie only and in this case
so for reasons of roddick bari se
we are going to reproduce it with the producers
standard
and android will not play then in
this case we should install vlc
player because as present in the case of
computer
obviously there are players who have
determined the nodes while they are missing
so many highs here in this case vlc is one
of the most complete
the comparison is obviously to that
android standard which of course if
we will try to open it with that
there is immediately that the file is
impossible to reproduce
obviously as I said before only
some phones do are set up to
do shock because why like for the
case of the nexus 4 instead is not possible
read shuttles because why
practically does not receive the right
power supply from the output to micro usb
so in that case you will have to
install another kernel or
connect some keys they have
star power as for example
hard drives though perfect month
was the video guide regarding
precisely this cable tg cabbage you can
quietly find on the most famous
store and for example amazon that I put e
what around 10 euros unless I have it
paid so ceo god lies other 2
EUR
you have already understood the price of a person
economic branch then for the job that
place
one of those indispensable objects yes
a very, very useful utility
important also because in some
phones we also have the option of
connect for example a mouse through
the tc keyboard mouse cable we can
put both with the cable and wireless
just attach the adapter to the socket
usb and that's it
perfect then by emanuele and cars is
really everything and we feel the next
video review